Beware of the blinding red light. If you see this light, you must flee. It will only bring you death!
You will find the answer to a long, mysterious riddle in your family bloodline buried between two oak trees, west of the village you grew up in.
A path of death lies in your wake.
Greed is a poor man’s compass, and I see gold and riches in your future.
A single wolf is slaughtered by many enemies that surround it. Let this be a warning sign of danger that is preventable by the pack.
The truth will come from a child’s toy. The lie will come from a weapon.
You must drink of the poison well and eat of the spoiled pantry.
Follow the flight of birds, never in winter, always returning.
A song contains a wish. Only the name will answer.
The mother has disguised herself. Her babe is lost and will not return. She will nurse no other.
The gears turn long after the machine has been broken. He who built it cannot mend it. He who holds it cannot carry it. He who finds it cannot speak it.Gaze through the cracked window, and only then will you see clearly.
Beware the men with gills. Speak not to the sea or the southern wind.
Beware the snake’s venom, not its bite.
Travel five days with the silver star at your heels, then cross the raging river. There you will come to realize your true self.
The light will be in the shadowest darkness.
Not all the frogs are in the pond, beware of them.
One for the fire, two for the clouds, and three for the knights.
Don’t trust the song of the birds.
Cloak in the water. The man is crying. Let the leaf falls and everything will be fine.
For one wish to make, it’ll be more wish to crumble.
In the high plain there’s a dark moon. Don’t follow the light.
When the dawn will come at the birthday of the mother, rats and snakes will devour all hopes.
Near the montains, there is a grey falcon. Look at the eyes, and you’ll die. Look at the tail, and you’ll be rich.
Don’t move when the night song come, or you’ll gain something you don’t want, and lost something you wanted to keep.
Today was possibly the most important day of your life! Congrat.. oh… you missed it… tsk tsk tsk… What a shame… A do-over, then! Tomorrow you will wake up and it will be today. Make sure you return or that decree will stay. k, Bye!
Do not trust your thoughts. They will hinder your victory.
A figment in blue will cross your path tomorrow. You will know it when you see the sign. You must turn around 4 times and speak the following words:
And through the drifts the snowy clifts Did send a dismal sheen: Nor shapes of men nor beasts we ken The ice was all between.
If you believe in telekinesis, raise my hand. The fortune teller then proceeds to raise their hand.
When you are done, the spirit haunting will pass over you.
A dragon will give you a jewel. Beware the generous miser.
The path less traveled is paved in gold.
Find the woman who gives birds their song.
Beware, young mouse, for the lion is thorned.
(Do/Do not) Cross the Mountain!
(1d10) Stars Mark the Path!
The Moon Shines Brightest to Those in Her Favor.
Speak Not The Name Unspoken; They Listen, Always.
Beware, for the Great Gyre is Nigh; The Slouching Beast Will Soon Arrive!
Swords Shall Pierce Thine Heart; Pin Thy Love Lest It Be Lost.
Three Crones Shall Visit Thee and Thier Lights Shall Reveal the Truth of What Thou Doth Seek!
Keep a Candle Burning; Lest The Dark Take Even Your Fears Away.
Build Not Houses of White Stone.
Three Coins Must Ye Pay; Three Prices Dear, Secrets Thrice Revealed, ‘ere The Light of Day.
Gold, Silver, Copper; Never in the Opposite Order!
Spill Forth a Dram for the Lost; Make Merry in the Name of Those Who Pay the Highest Price!
You Must Seek the Leaf that Grows Not On Any Tree!
Jump the Broom; Dance above the Blades!